README.md, before:

# Coding Made Easy

---

## Description
Coding Made Easy is an extension which helps in completion of your large custom designed functions, classes and templates by just typing a small keyword and letting the VS Code suggestion do the rest of the work.

---

## How to Extract the Benefits of the Extension?
1. Install the Extension from the extensions area.
2. After the installation of the extension, press Ctrl + Shift + P and click on Create Or Edit Snippet.
3. It will first ask you to choose your preferred programming language.
4. After that it asks for the name of the keyword.
5. After you hit enter, a page opens up where you can type your code snippet and click on Save Changes in the pop up which shows on the bottom right corner.
6. If you enter an existing keyword name, i.e. the one which you have already created, a file opens up with the pre-written snippet which can be edited and changes can be saved. 

---

## Example Use Case of this Extension
1. After installation, press Ctrl + Shift + P.
2. Click on Create Or Edit Snippet.
3. It asks you for a language. Let us select cpp for example.
4. Then it will ask for a keyword. Let us enter 'dsu' for example.
5. A file opens up where we will type the DSU code and hit on Save Changes showing up on the bottom right corner.
6. Your code is saved now as a snippet and can be used anytime when you open VS code.
7. If you want to make edits to the snippet, follow the same process, type the same keyword, update the file and hit on Save Changes.

---

### Copyright: Aayush Anand, Made on 02/07/2025.

Commit message:

Added video demo of the extension

README.md, after:

# CODING MADE EASY


## Description
Coding Made Easy is an extension which helps in completion of your large custom designed functions, classes and templates by just typing a small keyword and letting the VS Code suggestion do the rest of the work.

---

## How to Extract the Benefits of the Extension?
1. Install the Extension from the extensions area.
2. After the installation of the extension, press `Ctrl + Shift + P` and click on `Create Or Edit Snippet`.
3. It will first ask you to choose your preferred programming language.
4. After that it asks for the name of the keyword.
5. After you hit enter, a page opens up where you can type your code snippet and click on `Save Changes` in the pop up which shows on the bottom right corner.
6. If you enter an existing keyword name, i.e. the one which you have already created, a file opens up with the pre-written snippet which can be edited and changes can be saved. 

---

## Example Use Case of this Extension
1. After installation, press `Ctrl + Shift + P`.
2. Click on `Create Or Edit Snippet`.
3. It asks you for a language. Let us select cpp for example.
4. Then it will ask for a keyword. Let us enter 'dsu' for example.
5. A file opens up where we will type the DSU code and hit on `Save Changes` showing up on the bottom right corner.
6. Your code is saved now as a snippet and can be used anytime when you open VS code.
7. If you want to make edits to the snippet, follow the same process, type the same keyword, update the file and hit on `Save Changes`.

---

## Important things to be taken care of while using the Extension
1. Please make sure that your keywords do not contain any spaces.
2. After saving changes in the snippet, you can close the window. It will ask you to save your code, click on `Don't Save`.

---

## Video Demo of the Extension
<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yQQAFHR9VTIaDofNW27TtRCq3bF_43XR/view?usp=sharing">Click for a video demo of the extension</a>

---

### Copyright: Aayush Anand, Made on 02/07/2025.
